Patrick: and I feel reduced here in the way that I'm seen or interacted with.
And I know it's not 100% fair either 'cause you don't know what I've experienced, you don't know what I've been through or who I am a lot of the time.
And not any easier when I don't know who I am right now because I'm getting the rug pulled in a lot of areas of my life constantly and I'm fucking tired of it.
It's at a low, I just don't want to do it anymore and I don't have an option.
And I'm fucking here.
I just wish I could give up and I just don't have that luxury or that option I just don't I just can't.
like the first one I'm going to give up on is me and it sucks man.

Dad: Yeah

Patrick: And I'm vulnerable right now and so when people come in with fucking meany-ass energy I'm going to give it up because I'm like that's easier than dealing with myself right now.
I know I'm not an easy person to live with.
But I'm not an easy person to be around and I'm very sensitive normally and this is not normal and I don't give up too easy. Quite the opposite, I give up way after I should.

Dad: I'm sad you're suffering.
and I'm sad I'm an instrument in that suffering.

Patrick: It would be ridiculous for me to ... that it's all your fault or of what percentage your fault, I understand it's just me.
I understand I learned some lessons I should have continued to learn when I left the first time and when I've kept distance there's reasons for that.
And I was just vulnerable and I let my guard down because I need it ... have a family ... and it's just pulled me so far from my financial? youth?
And it sucks. It sucks to realize that I don't actually feel that connected to my family.
it already hard for me to feel like a sense of belonging anywhere
and it's like it sucks I can't feel that here
I don't want to be a burden here
I don't want to overstay my welcome like I feel I already have
and I'm going to work on that

Dad: You feel like you can't trust most of what I say or the way I interact with you
I'm afraid to answer that question

Patrick: I don't know, I don't

Dad: Any ideas about what would make you feel like your're more connected to your family
or more.

Patrick: No

Dad:
In some way do I represent sort of the establishment in a particular way of doing things that is
just that different than how your worldview sees things and that's irreconcilable?

Patrick: (inaudible)

Dad: Is it that there may be some aspects of this that could be made just purely transactional or we could
reach some kind of level of trust where it was just about a transaction and not maybe
associated with as much of the baggage or assumptions about what I'm thinking or feeling
or vice versa?

Patrick: what it feels like is you're asking me to not feel the stuff that I'm feeling. That's what it feels like that question, I don't know if that makes sense put aside all the feelings that I have, it's like, yeah, that's how I've been able to be here for most of the time.

Dad: Well maybe not put them aside but bracket the time or the place for them such that we can get
some very specific transactions done.
Well let me give an example, can I try an example?

Patrick: Sounds ... yeah

Dad: So I'd like to use my 3D printer and it's got cakes, well it's got those bags on it,
I don't want to move the bags so I don't want to upset them in case I damage them or ... because I don't know the state.
If they were going to suffer, I wouldn't like that if they are sensitive, I don't know
the answer to that, but you do, maybe.
And could they go into the fruiting chamber so I can have the 3D printer there so I could
use it?

Patrick: Yeah.

Dad: That would be an example of a transaction.

Patrick: ... my house, is it.

Dad: Does it help if I just state the things that I want, like rather than try to ... I don't ..., if I just state
the things that I want, I shouldn't say it.

Patrick: Yes, and in case ... yeah.

Dad: Yeah.

Patrick: I do feel frustrated with things a little bit like that where I feel a little bit of
resentment where it's like when we did what we talked about in collaboration mode and we were like how can
we set this up to be better?
We talked about it and then you had that server thing to work on which took as long as
it took, but then after that, what happened to the plan?

It got messier in there after we talked about organizing it.

It's like, you asked me to move some of the stuff out of the way that you forgotten was your mess.
It's like I'm dealing with selective memory and it's like it's like, okay, well I'm going to, you're going to, how long were you feeling frustrated with me about a mess that you left without saying something?

How long have you been frustrated about the 3D printer when you when you could have asked me, ages
ago, it's easy to move, you can move whatever you need to move.

Again, at your equipment, I wasn't intending to monopolize any of the space.
I followed suit with the methods that were in place which was put stuff where there's room.

And I had the hope of organizing, but it wasn't, it isn't my space.

This sucks because we haven't had any conversations where I haven't ended up just feeling bad.

I just end up feeling like, oh I fucked up, I shouldn't just kept my mouth shut every
time.

Dad: You and your mom have that in common in that she often feels, "I shouldn't have said anything" She'll say that.
"I should have just kept my mouth shut."

Patrick: It doesn't help me to make you feel bad, or for you to feel bad, that's not, and then when you ask me, what can I do, I don't have an answer.
Which is weird also to be put in a place where like, can you fix this, what's your, it's like asking me to fix something I only have control over one half of it.
I don't know what I, I don't know what I need from, I don't know what method we could communicate
that would make things easier.

Dad: I guess I don't have any other way to address a disconnect of that kind, than to try things fail, and then slowly find things that work until they end up...

Patrick: I'm thinking Mum feels like I've tried a lot of ways, and failed, and it feels hard
to just like, and I'm being alone in those things, it's like, oh, we'll try this, I don't
know.
I hear that.

Dad: My experience is, you fail, I fail, way more often than I succeed.
Like nine times out of ten, it will be a failure.
One time out of ten, I might get a small win.
That would be good enough, according to me, in my life experience.
True at Boeing, True at the projects I do at, you know, wood projects, any of them,
programming projects, mostly it's failing, but I don't, I think that's, maybe that's
just how it is.
I mean, you fail until you don't, until you get, until you finally, oh, okay, now, now
the neurons grew to the point...

Patrick: It's pretty hard when it's about mushrooms in particular where it's like, you're asking
me how not to fail, I tell you how not to fail, and then when you have a failure like
that, it's like, what a hugely incredible thing, which now messes up it for everybody.

Dad: To your perspective, it was easy because you know it, it's in your brain.

Patrick: But you've lost so much, and you've like, it came with instructions on thing, and I said,
I've been saying that from the beginning, like, the most important thing is sterilization.
Every step of the way, to the point where it's annoying, where it's too much, it feels
like too much, it probably is over-kill of a lot of times.

Dad: What I described in terms of using the gloves and using the hydrogen peroxide between the
usages, is that a step in the right direction, do you think?

Patrick: Yeah.

Every tool you grab, every outside of the jars, the inside of the jar, before you put water
in them, and the lids before you touch them to put them on the jars.

Dad:
The jars themselves, all of it that's in the fume hood, if I spray it

Patrick: the old jars that you're pulling the pucks out of.

Dad: Yeah

Patrick: your gloves before you touch them you put them on the
floor.
Like, if you touch the other jar before you grab the thing, did you sanitize the
jar reasonably enough?
That's like...

Dad: I can't guarantee that I did all of that perfectly.
I have no record to show that, and my recollections, I don't trust them, because they, my brain
that perceptive, but there are ways to address that, and if this is a step in the right
direction, that would be positive movement in my worldview.

I did sharing the information about the water pump, and the fact that it came being small,
did that carry with it, any, that you can remember sort of

Patrick: No, it's ain't? to look at it as bad news.
should I have a bad view? I'm like, I'm happy hearing about your experiences, but I just
don't want to be part of it, is what the feeling was, like,


Dad: would you rather

Patrick: it's easier for me to No, I knew
you can share whatever is going on for you, but I feel raw, and I feel bad that I don't,
and it's easier to not work with you than it is to remind you of like of the door, and I
know it's not your fault.
I know when you're having a hard time, if you have ADHD, you're being forgetful.
I still am going to feel annoyed when I see the door open, because it's affecting
what I'm doing, and I don't want to feel that way, so the easiest thing for me to do,
shut down, or not be part of it, which is sucks, and that's like, often how I'm steered
in life, it's like, I'll make it easier for everybody around me, and just, by not getting tolerated not doing something I want to do, but I get so frustrated, so don't
think I can't tolerate it, so I don't want to do, it's just like, I'm delusional in
that way,

Dad: I mean, so you're having a need, I mean, you're giving an emotional experience
that's saying that you have a need, but that need's not getting met, that is, that kind
of what I'm hearing.

Patrick: That sounds, uh, clinical, or like an article, but I don't know, I don't know if any of
you, the need is for me to be able to do the things that I do to make myself feel not depressed,
and the truth, I just haven't felt comfortable doing some of them here, and that's, I know
that's a compromise, to be, to have a place to live and not be homeless, so I have to
do that right now, and that's okay, my need is not being met, is nothing that you can
move, I don't, I'm not being, I'm not around people who know me, I know, I'm not around
people who I'm, I feel a strong family connection to, and it, yeah, yeah, it was painful to be
in Australia and to feel the effects of a stable family unit hurt me, in a way, and I miss that
and I miss, you know, people who can be halfway, or sometimes more if I'm not able, like I
would do today, and that's not something I, it's fair to ask you, anybody in the house
that is biologically connected to me, and it's just as simple as being here, I'm just having
a hard time accepting my current situation, and it's where I'm at, and it feels embarrassing,
it feels embarrassing to be seen, and it feels shitty that I'm so vulnerable, and I'm trying
not to fuck up here and get booted out, and it feels like being like a child again, you know, I'm working
a child's job, and I, yeah, and I have, I don't have, I'm up to that, so I can fall
apart, many times, a lot of times, and I live on and pull that into the 70s, and this, this
is the hardest, and I just kind of just don't want to do it anymore, and I thought they had an option

And it' a little embarrassing having this conversation in front of everybody also

keep trying to figure it out

Dad: ask a

Sherri: Hi there

Dad: like if we go to the lab and I ask some questions about things that are there?

Patrick: Right now? (exasperated?)

Dad: Yes, so I can do some things?

Patrick: ... set for that. Is there anything else that ...

Dad: ... is there um ... could those live in here? (in the fruiting tent)

Patrick: ... No ... (inaudible)

Dad: Does that mean they wouldn't me safe in here?

Patrick: I just don't want to, I just don't want to .... them anymore ... (inaudible)

Dad: I can't hear you, what?

Patrick: No, I'm just going to keep them in my room.

Dad: My question, which you haven't answered yet is are they unsafe inside that tent?

Patrick: I don't want to mix it ... I just don't want to put them in there right now.

Dad: So we don't know if they're safe or not, but you're erring on the side of

Patrick: ... sanitize them, I don't really feel like doing that while you're just watching me
so I can do them another time or I don't have to do them because I don't know if I'm going to do anything with them
That's all

This feels weird, this this ... whatever (gives angry look)

Dad: You're not answering my questions directly. You're pretty liberal with your accusations about me not answering you or me giving you the run-around or not being

Patrick (raised voice, angry): I'm not giving you a run-around. I don't need to give you a reason why I don't want to put them in there.

I told you I'm putting them in there to get them out of your way. You asked me to move them, so I moved them.

Dad: ... you did not hear what i said ...

Patrick (raised voice, angry): I ... they're safe. They could be safe in there maybe. I don't feel like sanitizing them like I just fucking said.

Dad: You're raising your voice and you're angry

Patrick (yelling): Yes, because fuck you!  I'm so sick of your shit, and I'm still here talking to you!

Yes!  I I'm sorry if it felt like I was giving you the run-around. I'm just done talking to you, and you're asking to do this now!

It's always on your fucking timeline.

Dad: Wrong.  It's on your timeline you're asking us to work around. I'm asking you to compromise.

I have time. You have some time. Let's do it now.

Patrick: You're such an asshole.  I really I don't care yeah yeah ... I do not like you.

Dad: Ok.

Patrick: You don't want this anymore?

Dad: What I want to know is but what would you like to have happen with that? (points at tent) There's a thing inside there that has
a platform, and I was thinking of trying to make it so that doesn't, um,

Patrick: you can have this, you can have this, you can do whatever you would like to, and this is yours, you can
have all this stuff, I appreciate you giving me the space for letting me rent, not rent,
a room from you, I'll get out as soon as possible.

Dad: I'm not asking any of those things, all of
this is coming from you, Pat.

Patrick: Okay, Pat, I don't want, I don't...

Dad: In the past...

Patrick (yelling): You're telling me that I'm giving you the runaround on the question that I answered. I didn't
answer it fully just now, because I don't want to be interacting with you past the point
of that. We just had a big emotional talk, and you need your space clean now so you can
have your day. That's fine, I'll come do it. Don't expect me to give you the fucking technical
details on why I'm not putting it in there right now. Why would I want to do that? And
so you can use that. Oh, you didn't give me the correct answer. Finally, something I
can use in my legal battle against Pat right now. It's not that. That's always the game
you're doing. Let me find some inconsistency in the story, or found it. What kind of conversation
is that? You're asking me to treat you like a human, and then you're like, "Yeah, just
whatever. You tell me that I'm... Yeah, I'm quick to cast the judgment."

Dad: This bucket over here, the one behind you, does it have a purpose that you would like it?

Patrick: Has bulk substrate in it. That's a clear answer. Bulk substrate, I didn't use it's here. I'll put it out in
the garage. If you want it, you can have it. Anything else? This is how I want to spend
my day emotionally. Does this make you feel better? Do you feel big now? Do you feel in
control of the situation like you'd like to be?

Dad: No.

Patrick: What else can I do? I would like to leave the situation now. What else can I do for you? Please tell me, or I'm going to leave.
I'm not going to sit in your silence. You're like holding court rhetoric bullshit.

Dad: That's it. I'm thinking. I'm slow thinking. The older I get, the longer it takes me to think.

Patrick (yelling): Yeah, but the urgency is still, your sense of urgency is here. Your speed is here.

Dad: I don't have that sense of urgency.

Patrick (Loudly yelling): Then why am I here doing this right now? I'm emotionally upset.
I don't want to be around you. Can I please take a break from this situation? You have
enough space. Maybe if you need more space there's some other areas you can fucking clean up.

(Patrick slams door shut)

